hey everybody in this video I'm going to
dispel about 12 years of lead generation
and business knowledge into hopefully a
way that's very easy to understand and
to follow so this is all the stuff that
I think they should be teaching in
University this is all of the stuff that
you should be learning at your first job
and if you don't well this video can
kind of solve that problem for you so
without further Ado let's get started so
this is funnel that every single B2B
business or any business that sells
Services simply must create in 2025 and
Beyond the reason for that is that
markets are becoming more competitive
they're becoming more sophisticated and
more saturated and the oneoff gimmicky
tactics and gimmicks don't really work
anymore you need to have a complete
marketing funnel that allows you to
generate traffic and capture leads and
qualified leads and have great offers to
entice them to buy this wasn't always
the case when you could kind of get away
with that like at the start of Facebook
ads or the very start of content or the
very start of cold email you can kind of
just do whatever you want and it succeed
not really the case
anymore so in this video I'm going to
show you how to build this entire lead
generation funnel it's the ideal B2B
lead generation funnel and works for any
Niche any country with any service on
Earth I'm going to explain the funnel to
to you the problems that it solves I'm
going to go over the top of the funnel
the middle of the funnel the bottom of
the funnel the website the sales process
and the offers and this is meant to be
very casual classroom style content and
I estimate that'll be 45 to 60 minutes
so don't pause or leave the video it's
going to be worth 10 years of University
education on its own it's going it's
basically the video that I wish I had
when I first started in what would that
be at this point
2012 so this again is the funnel at the
very top we have our paid ads our
content our Outreach our Partnerships
those Drive traffic which flows down
into different lead magnets when they
download the lead magnet by filling out
a form they'll be redirected to the
thank you page where it shows our offer
they'll also be added to the email flows
where we'll begin to nurture then we can
use a combination of vsls and
newsletters and communities and
appointment setting to determine who's
qualified and who's not and when we have
the information on who's qualified and
who's not we can send the qualified
people to our website to book a sales
call with us where we could sell them
either a onetime intro offer or a
recurring service if they are very
unqualified we can refer them to someone
who can do it cheaper and collect a fee
we could sell them a course we could
sell them a program we could send them a
digital product that's $100 or less or
if all else fails they may click on the
affiliate links in our lead magnets and
email flows sign up for the the software
and then they will basically start to
give us mrr because we're going to get
recurring affiliate
commissions so this funnel is meant to
solve the four problems that stop every
service business from growing this is
very businessto business B2B focused but
it applies the exact T to any business
that sells service whether that's
consumer or that's brick and mortar
whatever the four problems are not
enough traffic you don't have enough
leads all of your clients come from
referrals and you have no way to
monetize unqualified leads so if you
have ever hit a plateau in your business
and you're not growing one or more of
these is going to be the problem and
after you solve this problem you'll
experience the next phase of growth and
that's really all there is to it I have
helped over 550 businesses Implement
that exact funnel in their business and
in my opinion it has raised the bar in
the entire industry Stream So as I help
more and more businesses implement this
I predict that the market is going to
experience like very big deal of Rapid
change and if you don't have something
like this and you just post on Twitter
or you just only send cold emails or you
just run Facebook ads and you don't have
the entire funnel I find it very hard
that you're going to even generate leads
in comparison to the thousands of people
I'm going to help implement this whether
if you just have one piece of the puzzle
versus they have all 50 pieces or
however many it breaks down to it's
going to be very very difficult for you
to compete so pay close attention to
this
video if you've never watched one of my
videos before my name is Matthew Larson
and I run two different programs that
help business owners with their lead
generation the first is a THX leads
which is for any business owner that
does more than 10K per month in revenue
and the other is 10K per month agency
which is specific for agency owners who
want to build an agency from zero or
under 10k per month to pass that
threshold our clients do 375 million per
year in Combined a annual revenue and
I've also been a part of three agency
exits myself one in 2017 2019 and 2023
the videos I make are meant to be as
useful as possible and to have no fluff
or editing or any visual effects or
anything like that I really enjoy making
these videos and I plan to make 300 or
more in 2025 and I want to release my
lead generation book which is currently
in progress in 2025 as
well so let's get right into the four
problems that stop every service
business from scaling I went over them
before but there're not enough traffic
not enough leads all the clients come
from referrals and there's no way to
monetize unqualified leads so like I
said before if you hit a plateau in your
business one or more of these is the
constraint or the problem or the thing
that that's holding you back and after
we solve it we're going to experience
the next phase of growth so the first
one I talked about is not enough traffic
and this one is fairly obvious about not
having enough traffic is a problem and
we solve this by running paid ads by
creating and posting content by doing
Outreach and forming Partnerships so for
your paid ads that's stuff like Facebook
ads or YouTube ads or Google ads or Tik
Tok ads or if there's some sort of
directory or content site that is very
relevant to your Niche those kind of ads
in terms of content it's going to be
your Instagrams your twitters your
YouTubes your Tik Tok your LinkedIn your
Facebook your blog that kind of stuff
for outreach it's going to be cold
emails and cold DMS and prospecting and
cold calls that kind of stuff and for
Partnerships it's going to be white
label referral media Partnerships so
like you speak at an event or go on a
YouTube channel or a podcast that type
of thing and then joint
ventures so the problem with and the
reason why this is such a massive
massive problem in anybody's business is
that if people don't know about you they
can't buy from you and this is the root
of most problems in service businesses
people simply do not know who you are at
the degree or the scale that they need
to if you just double the amount of
people who knew who you were you would
likely double your Revenue so the four
main ways to get people to know about
you which I went over 20 seconds ago our
paid ads our content our Outreach and
Partnerships and each of these things
are important because we are essentially
trying to do the same thing with each of
them they're just different methods to
achieve the same goal which is to get
more people to find out about us they
each have their pros and cons for
example paid ads are very scalable and
have massive massive reach but they cost
money content is very very good for
building authority and building a
following
and it's free but takes a lot of time to
produce Outreach is very cheap to
contact as many people as possible but
it's also the least authoritative it's
going to be the hardest to close and
it's also very timec consuming to reply
and go back and forth Partnerships are
probably the hardest to form but they're
also going to be very scalable and very
profitable for you so to recap each of
these have one goal and that is to get
more people to find out about you but
the methods that we do that are
different the thing that I think that
people need to realize is that we need
to do all four of them not just one not
just two some of the worst advice you
can possibly get in my opinion and a lot
of people give this advice is to stick
to one channel and master it if that one
channel changes you are absolutely
screwed and that happens all the time if
it stops working if you get banned if
the algorithm change if the channel gets
saturated whatever you're essentially
screwed and starting at zero so you also
want to have all four of these because
each of them is going to make the other
ones more effective what do I mean by
that so for example if someone has seen
your ads and content before they're much
more likely to respond to your Outreach
if they were to get a cold email from
you for example if someone clicks on
your ad and you have a ton of content on
your profile they're much more likely to
click on your link or take whatever
action you want in your ads and comp
comparison to if your profile was Bare
and Dead with no posts if someone is
looking for a partnership with someone
they're much more likely to choose you
if you have a ton of content they see
your ads everywhere they got Outreach
for you in the past because it's just
less risky for them in their point of
view you know you're everywhere you're
not going anywhere you're on the way up
they want to associate with you that
kind of stuff there are many examples of
how these four traffic drivers interact
with each other you know Way Beyond
these three and it is important to
create and grow and systemize all four
of these so we want to be firing on all
cylinders if you ever heard that term
before our Outreach our Partnerships our
content and our ads let's go to the next
part here the second problem is that we
don't have enough leads and businesses
typically don't capture leads and
nurture them properly and this problem
is very closely linked to the problem of
not having enough traffic but it's not
exactly the same it doesn't matter how
much traffic you drive if it's not the
right type of traffic and it doesn't
matter how much traffic you drive if you
don't have assets and a system in order
to capture and nurture it so if you were
selling agency services and you just
drove a bunch of traffic for saying
something ridiculous and you got
basically cancelled like that's not
really the right traffic has to be the
right traffic from your target audience
as well so in the first problem we
talked about firing on all cylinders
with our content our paid ads our
Outreach Etc in this part we want to
build different lead magnets and
different assets that we can trade in
order for them to give us their name
email phone number website once they
submit the form and we have that
information they'll begin to receive our
email flows they'll see our offer on our
thank you page and they'll be pushed
further down the funnel so the three
main tools we want here are the multiple
lead magnets typically going to be 6 to
12 12 an email flow that's 30 days in
length and a thank you page that shows
our offers so if you don't know the term
lead magnets I think most people do at
this point but they're things that
deliver value for free typically
documents PDFs checklists these mural
boards that I'm currently showing you
could be thought of as lead magnets as
well and we trade that for their contact
information their name their website
their phone number their email their
revenue
whatever they go to the form with that
information they fill it out and then
now all of their stuff is inside our CRM
which is our customer relations manager
and we can begin to Market and sell to
them like I said once they filled out
the form they'll be automatically added
to our email flow and we will start
nurturing them automatically over time
so on day one they'll get email one day
two email two three Etc and finally once
the form is submitted they'll be
automatically redirected over to our
thank you page it's just a setting you
can put in every form and that is where
we'll show them our offer so we want to
think of these lead magnets as many
courses or guides that's completely
solve one problem each and we want to
break down our service into categories
to find these lead magnet ideas so here
is a good example if we had a YouTube
agency the categories could be ideas
they could be scripts titles thumbnails
editing camera setup microphone setup
speaking on camera properly Analytics
funnels and so on so these are 10
examples of all of the things that make
up success on YouTube and that is how we
want to think of our lead magnets
they're the different problems steps
objections that have to do with our
service we want to have multiple lead
magnets for two main reasons at least
two reasons and these are the main ones
if we just had one lead magnet for
example if we just had a thumbnail lead
magnet there's always going to be a
percentage of our target market who
simply does not have that problem they
already know how to make thumbnails in
this case or they don't know that they
even need to and if we just had a
thumbnail lead magnet and nothing else
we wouldn't capture that segment of the
market in terms of leads they just
wouldn't be interested and they wouldn't
download and they would just move on and
forget about us the second reason is
that each and every one of the steps of
our service represent a problem in the
mind of our leads and if we don't have
something to completely address and
overcome and ease their concerns about
that problem
that is a reason to not buy from us if
they don't know what to do for ideas if
they don't know what to do for scripts
or how to make titles or thumbnails
these are all things that would prevent
them from buying our YouTube service so
in that specific situation it doesn't
even matter if we have you know all of
these nine here if they don't know how
to create a funnel and they don't know
how to capture the leads from the
YouTube videos they're just going to
think it's a waste of time and they're
not going to buy from us we need to have
one lead magnet for absolutely every
problem the next thing we want to do and
we can build off this with our email
flows just like we thought of the
different steps and thought of pieces of
value that we need to produce with our
lead magnets the ideal way to think
about our email flows is to brainstorm
30 different FAQs or objections and then
address them one at a time one email
each over the course of 30 days so we
brainstorm the 30 FAQs create an email
send one per day we can use different
stories examples case studies how to to
mix it up and keep it fresh if we want
so some of these things are what like a
good FAQ what makes up a good thumbnail
or where do I start with script writing
or how do I write a good hook or what
are the best settings to set up my
channel something like that and there's
going to be 30 of these that represent
the most important ones and because you
know your service you know it's the
service you're selling after all you
will probably know these very quickly
and if not you could always use chat
gbt the goal of the email flow is to
address and overcome one objection at a
time until there are none left and when
there are none left they're just going
to book a call with you that's just how
it works
and to wrap this entire stuff up we'll
introduce our offer for the first time
on our thank you page so on our thank
you page we'll have a sales letter
answering all the questions and building
on what we did here a vssl showing our
face and then we'll have a button where
they can book a call so basically we
have driven our traffic through the
funnel let's just say we're using paid
ads and content for this let's just say
Instagram
content they have downloaded a couple of
our lead magnets here they are
redirected to the thank you Page by
submitting the form and they're also
added to the email flows by submitting
the form then over time you know we have
their information our appointment CER
will reach out they might join our
community if we have one they might
watch our vs sell and then because
they're on our email list they're going
to get our email newsletters right very
very very
good and throughout this process
basically there's going to be two main
ways that we can qualify them the more
they interact with us and because we
collected their website their revenue
that kind of stuff on the form we're
going to be able to qu kind of determine
who's qualified and who's not qualified
ourselves but through our content you
know through our vs cell and newsletter
and email flows and Lead magnets and
communities and stuff like that they're
also going to self- qualify quite a bit
and they're going to go to our website
and they're going to go through our
process and they're going to book a call
where we can sell them very very very
important the next step and the next
problem is that all of the leads and all
of the clients come from referrals or
the network and don't get me wrong by
when I say that referrals and having a
great Network are very very good means
you're doing something right you're
delivering a great service you're very
personable you make friends easily but
we don't want to rely only on networking
and referrals because they're out of our
control when we rely on these things
we're essentially relying on other
people to grow our business for us you
cannot scale referrals you can't just go
oh let me go pick up some referrals
they're unpredictable great but
unpredictable when we rely only on
referrals we will never have the
consistency of lead flow to be fully
confident and we will live in a constant
state of anxiety and wondering where our
next client comes from we're not going
to be able to reinvest in our business
or hire more people just because we're
not going to be confident enough to do
so the nice thing is that if you solved
problem number one and two in the sense
that you're now driving traffic and
you're now generating leads you are no
longer only getting clients from
referrals that just is no longer true so
the solution to this problem is a
byproduct of problems number one and
number two you are driving traffic
you're capturing and nurturing and
qualifying leads now you're no longer
relying on referrals it's just very very
good the next problem and the final of
the four is that 99% of leads are
unqualified and you have nothing to
offer them of the people who see your
ads and see your content and receive
your Outreach and you know are sent to
you by your partner 99% of them are
going to be
unqualified 99 out of 100 no position to
buy your service this is for a variety
of reasons but most commonly it's going
to be price or need or fit maybe they
can't afford it maybe they're already
working with someone else or have an
internal team maybe it's just not
relevant to them right it doesn't matter
the reason this is going to be true in
every Niche and in every industry and
it's normal there's nothing that you or
I or anyone is going to do to change the
fact that 99% of people are going to be
unqualified it is like gravity you know
it's a law of the universe we do not
solve Gravity by thinking of ways to
overcome it we solve it indirectly such
as with the creation of an airplane or
temporarily using enough energy with a
spaceship very very similar here we
solve this problem by not trying to make
our leads more qualified we solve this
problem by creating different offers so
that we have something for everyone we
want to have something for all levels of
the market so we can monetize absolutely
everyone who comes into contact with us
and these offers are going to be our
service our intro offer our referral
Partnerships our course our program our
affiliate links and our digital products
so if they are qualified with price with
fit with need they can buy our recurring
service or our intro offer so that
is you
know right here they've gone through the
entire process we've determine they're
qualified and now they're going to buy
on the sales call Simple enough if they
are barely unqualified meaning they just
can't quite afford it or they just don't
need it yet or they want to learn to do
it themselves they can buy your course
or program or you can collect a referral
fee for someone who can do it for them
cheaper if they're very unqualified and
just like not even close they can buy
your digital products or sign up for
your software using your affiliate links
and when you do it like this and when
you have have all of these different
offers you'll find that you will
actually double your Revenue but it's
more like three to five times your
profit so if we think about that from a
logical standpoint digital products
affiliate commissions referral fee
courses programs those are going to be
nearly 100% margin outside of some
payment processor fees and software so
if you were at $1 million in revenue and
a 25% margin which is respectable that
is a 250 $50,000 in profit but if we got
another million dollar in Revenue
through
our digital product through our
Affiliates through our courses programs
referral fees that's another million in
Revenue but it's nearly 100% profit so
instead of 250,000 now you would have
1.25 million in Profit just by having
this kind of stuff these offers are very
timec consuming to set up originally
like it's not a quick thing to make a
course or develop referral Partnerships
or make a program or do digital products
or start promoting your affiliate links
but once you do it's going to be kind of
on autopilot they're just going to exist
and they're people are automatically
going to go to your digital products or
your courses or stuff like that and if
you know if these things didn't exist it
would be more like they're unqualified
and they just have nowhere to go and
you're just wasting them that's the
situation for most
businesses so one of these four four
problems is always going to be the
biggest for you at any given time and
it's going to be the constraint that
stops you from growing like I've said
many times throughout this video Once
you solve it you'll experience the next
phase of growth in your business until
you Peak with your current setup and
then another one becomes the biggest
problem then you solve that one and you
experience the next phase of growth and
really all lead generation and growing a
service-based businesses is solving the
most pressing of these four problems
over and over so maybe now it's the
traffic that's the biggest problem but
now you start posting ads content doing
Outreach that kind of stuff and now the
biggest problem is you have no way to
monetize the unqualified leads and then
you solve that again and now it's you're
don't have a good lead capture nurturing
system and you solve that and now it's
back to traffic being the constraint so
to solve each of these there's only a
few things you can really do to get more
traffic you can increase ad spend make
the ads more effective you could post
more content or make the content more
effective you could do more Outreach or
do it more effectively you could form
more Partnerships or increase the value
of each partnership like these are the
really the only eight things you can do
to drive more traffic everything else is
going to be basically a subset of these
eight things to solve problem number two
the only real options are to make more
lead magnets make those lead magnets
better make better email flows or make a
better thank you page that's it outside
of that there's not much you can really
be doing problem number three is solved
by problem number two so to solve
problem number three you do these better
and to solve problem number four like
the only real options are to make sure
every offer is created we could improve
the value of each offer or do a better
job marketing each offer there's not
much that can be done for any of these
things and that is a blessing and a
curse because it will bring you Clarity
you'll know what you need to do so with
that being said good luck and let's get
started